Yes Hi I 'm east of Seeds Factory Thank you
It is the life of the digital camera to deliver today
This time we will deliver about these two major manufacturers, Canon and Nikon .
Thank you
Well I I I und Though I have continued to use this Cannon
Now we use the 5 d and Faitimausuri
It is here that there is a very strong opinion that there is actually no hardship camera
I'd better be your story and is referred to as what situation or Well now these two now
Canon and Nikon are the industry standard in the world of Pooh photographers
It is brilliant, and I will introduce you if you have an interesting story from Canon Marketing .
But also
It is the Olympics
Well though is famous athlete or gather tournament of the world
I think and say in our world and tournament sports photographers gather that has been active in the world
In the time of the previous Beijing Olympics
The user was excited about Giko
Good boy is better Mr. Quillan Yu is now the time of the last of the London Olympics accident in many
I understood
That has been entered
It's Either the world in the professional world this Nikon Canon has Pastry of the two giants
Wind that Hoboryo inning office because there both feet Te manufacturer
Although it is true even in real Japan
Then I say in the measures industry if you use it like something
I think this is the flow from the film
It is the camera of the news media system, and the act of Nikon flower and not act
On the other hand, I have been doing publicity photography and pride photography from the old days there are many Carrows
is
In the in Well two manufacturers Hyosuru number of the Japan it is and the other a real digital camera manufacturers
Though there is
Rather than being said
After all I think that the design philosophy is different
Nikon 's camera is
I wonder if I'm
I feel called camera-making that has also been making to the faithful to be 2 a
Well hard image
In and actually your story and the people of this infuser
There are quite a few people who say they have been using 3 gold
In the case of cans that very well digital one eye
Made has Kedomo winter and Kakopinguka
Ijong Glover Creampie
In the case of caron , such high is done as dye of maker
There are many things that you are doing, and after that you have the image of Caron
Some people are chosen by the image of the manufacturer
So I seasoned the manufacturer's Which is that the type is also more that good
Well, if this is two true differences
It is supposed to be either way
Let's do it now in this professional world
Divorce for 2 seconds is standard
So you still have this industry standard
There is a reason
It's a lot of durability for professional shooting .
I think you have in if called Kamiyagari was raised Toka go is used in various
It is after support Bear Sato Center
Well, such a total place of packaging still outweighs Japan's Japan Toki
Because
Uegami camera I used these two manufacturers
I guess I've talked another time this time, but my story is all
Te there is between the much color because professional photographers a variety of opinion to you of course
So it is one of the reference of the case that everyone's is selected here
I hope it will
The machine is not a manufacturer except Jaguar Canon Nikon 2
There are various good manufacturers, so we are repressing here to hit you today
Thank you for watching